# Meeting 17 - 5 Mar 2021

The meeting started with Jeremy telling me that he thinks that I am making good progress with my dissertation. He reminded me that it is due 4 weeks today. We then discussed the design chapter that I sent him a couple of days ago. He mentioned that he thinks I should add a section about the data I pulled in from Samoa Events and Eventbrite if I have space. I explained that I was going to do this in the implementation chapter, however, he thought it made more sense to include it in the design chapter. This section could be called "Database Population Batch Script". We agreed that I would add this section and then begin writing the implementation chapter with the hope of sending it over to him next week.

After discussing the design chapter, Jeremy pointed out some other tweaks that I should make in previous chapters:

- Jeremy liked the new collaborative filtering diagram in the background chapter. He suggested that in the caption I could mention some sort of set theory to better explain it.
- In the Talks.cam section, I should cite where I found out that Tom Counsell developed the application.
- In the requirements chapter, I should turn my "won't have this time" requirements into a positive statement.
- A non-functional requirement should be added to show that the data stored by Seminar Roulette is GDPR compliant.
- Add a better citation for the 3-tier architecture e.g. perhaps cite a paper from the person who invented it.
- Tweak the 3-tier architecture diagram to show the interactions between the tiers e.g. RESTful API calls.
