# Meeting 13 - 29 Jan 2021

The meeting started with a discussion about the email with Jeremy sent to Douglas about opening up the howard.dcs VM to the public for a limited amount of time. We are hoping that this request will be accepted soon. Jeremy suggested updating all the packages on the VM to ensure that it is as secure as possible. We were also wondering if the self-signed certificate would be an issue when port 443 is made public. We will have to wait and see whether it causes any issues or not.

Next, we discussed the first version of the evaluation questionnaire which I created this week. Jeremy thought that it was looking good and nearly ready to go. All I need to do is add an ethics section to it and then it will be ready to send out to participants. We agreed that I should deploy the latest version of Seminar Roulette to the VM over the weekend and start the evaluations next week. This will also result in my codebase being frozen this weekend. Jeremy suggested that I send him an email on Monday with a bit of text which he can send round to his friends and colleagues.

Jeremy thought that it would be interesting to know how many seminars take place at the start of a semester vs at the end. He suggested that this would a nice graph to plot and include in the introduction chapter of my dissertation.
